
# 断句问题，所以不容易理解


- He was greatly concerned about human action and choosing those ideas and types of behavior with the highest value.  
  - Concern about 两件事 human action 银行 choosing …
    - He was greatly concerned about **human action** and (**choosing those** (ideas and types of behavior with the highest value)).

- This is particularly so concerning his conviction that there is a common universe available to all thoughtful people and that all people participate in God’s universal Reason or universal law. 
  - This is particularly so:(此处作切分) concerning his conviction that ...

- But investigators combing through Crooks’ physical and digital trail still lack the key detail that would explain why the 20-year-old climbed the roof in Butler, Pennsylvania, with an AR-style weapon: a motive.
  - … still lack the key detail (that would explain why …): a motive.

- The family, property, and government—all of these elements had a justification in and derived their motivations from a set of beliefs held in commo.
  - ... 【had a justification in】 a set of beliefs held in commom and 【derived their motivations from】 a set of beliefs held in commom.
      - had a justification in and derived their motivations from 共用了一个宾语：a set of beliefs held in commom
  - justify in: 有理由..

- This would be so whether in our own character through moderation or in literature or the arts through the imposition of form upon a resisting material.
  - ... in our own character through moderation / through （in literature or the arts） the imposition of form upon a resisting material.
  - 或者说：... in our own character through moderation /（in literature or the arts）through the imposition of form upon a resisting material.

- By contrast, “intuition starts from movement, **posits（假设） it**, or rather **perceives it** as reality itself, and sees in immobility only an abstract moment, a snapshot taken by our mind.” 
  - posit / perceive 这里是并列关系。
  - sees an …, 看到了一个抽象的时刻。

- in one among the best senses of the word, a religion ...
  - in (one among) the best senses of the word, 而非 in one （among the best senses of） the word,
    - one among the best senses of the word, 即 one among many, 而非 one + 修饰语 + world

- The soul exists when there is a particular kind of body, namely, “one having in itself the power of setting itself in movement and arresting itself.”
  - the power of: (1) setting itself in movement (2) arresting itself, (1)(2)并列。the power of 动起来与静下来
