### 词义/phrase 不知所以难懂

- Trump bristles at Musk's rocketing profile as Democrats play on the president-elect's vanity.
  - bristles at：愤怒于。rocketing profile，火箭一般上升的形象. play on: 利用，操纵。

- ... perhaps not surprisingly since the richest man in the world has threatened to finance primary challenges to members of Congress who defy Trump’s orders. 
  - primary challenges： primary election's challenge, 初选的同党内的挑战。要资助初选中挑战不听话者的候选人。
    - has threatened to **finance** primary challenges to （members of Congress who defy Trump’s orders）. 
      - finance: 动词，资助。

- Police have also issued arrest warrants for three others in what they described as an “inside job.” All nine suspects have been charged with over 19 counts.
  - arrest warrant 逮捕证。 Warrant 乃一纸担保文件
  - 19 counts: 19项罪名
  - 警方还对其他三名嫌疑人发出了逮捕令，在他们所描述的“内部作案”中。所有九名嫌疑人共被指控超过19项罪名。

- Under these circumstances “the work of the philosopher consists of assembling reminders for a particular purpose.”
  - assembling reminders：“收集提醒”或“整理提醒事项”

- This ecstasy is the final result of right conduct, correct thinking, and the proper disposition of the affections.
  - disposition：既可以表示性情/性格，也可以表示“处置、处理”(来自dispose)，此处用后者

- how should we classify those that should be discouraged **as against** those that should be encouraged?
  - As against 比，与…比较

- immediate and mediate evidences
  - 直接经验与间接经验

- About 306 bce(公元前) he moved to Athens and founded his own school, which met（聚会，相聚于） in his garden. In time（in time, 最终） this ranked with Plato’s Academy。

- He thought, however, that the theologians, as compared with the masses, should have **known better than** to employ the powers of sophisticated reasoning on a subject matter, religion, that is by nature a deviation from, though not necessarily contrary to, reason.
  - Know better than to, 固定搭配，明白事理而不至于做
  - masses：大众 

- If this reflects only his “instinct” concerning the kind of universe this is, then, James says, “there are some instinctive reactions which I, **for one**, will not tamper with.” 
  - for one: 对我而言，就我而言

- Dewey regretted（感到遗憾） that progress in the past had been achieved only when some catastrophe or major social upheaval broke the spell of long-standing habits.

- We most often make choices about means for achieving ends（目标）. Where an end is already clear, we can pursue the means with scientific rigor. 

- And this is true of all of nature as it consists of actual occasions or aggregates of actual occasions.
  - true of: 表示某种情况、特点或规律同样适用于其他事物或人。
    - 比如：This is true of all mammals.（这适用于所有的哺乳动物)

- As such we can best be understood in relation to our environment.
  - as such, 因此，就本身而言

- Can a world made of material things ever become anything more than these same objects simply rearranged from time to time?  
  - From time to time偶尔，有时。

- Whitehead drew on his theory of actual occasions to account for the relation of body and mind and also to account for the presence of feeling and purpose in the universe. 
  - draw on: 利用

- the supposed boundary between speculative metaphysics and natural science.
  - Speculative 指的是经过思辩，经过思维，而非经过经验，经过现实的证据。

- Raids and fines for Ramadan （斋月）fast breaking spotlight(动词) rising religious conservatism in multicultural Malaysia.
  - 突袭与罚款。
  - fast break: 破戒。fast: 斋, 绝食

- It was his conviction that “method consists entirely in the order and disposition of the objects toward which our mental vision must be directed if we would find out any truth.”  
  - Consist in 固定短语

- Israel’s account of deadly Gaza aid delivery called into question。
  - 这句话中account意思是叙述。

- Because of his activism（行动主义）, he resisted personal acclaim 赞扬, and when he was awarded the Nobel Prize in literature in 1964, he refused to accept it on the grounds that he did not want to be “transformed into an institution（institution: 知名的人）.”

- In his will he expressed his humanity by providing amply for his relatives, preventing his slaves from being sold, and **providing that** some of the slaves should be emancipated.
  - In his will he expressed his humanity by （1）providing amply for his relatives, （2）preventing his slaves from being sold, and （3）providing that some of the slaves should be emancipated.
  - providing amply for his relatives， 慷慨地支持亲属，providing that： 规定。。

- He even wondered in passing whether his approach to philosophy might not more usefully be called "linguistic phenomenology," a notion he gave up as being “rather a mouthful.”
  - in passing: 顺便。 being “rather a mouthful.”：拗口的。
  - He wondered (in passing) whether his approach (to philosophy) might not more usefully be called "linguistic phenomenology,"
    - 他想知道他的方法是否更应该被称为..
    - “might not”是一个情态动词的否定形式，但是在这里它并不是表示直接的否定意义。这种用法在英文中是一种委婉或礼貌的表达方式，用于提出一种可能性或疑问，而不是直接断言某事不是如此。有一层反问的意味，表达了一种怀疑或不确定性。
    - 应这样理解: He wondered whether  … might not，他想知道… 就不能…？

- More over, he thought it was foolish to take such pains in breeding racing dogs and horses and at the same time rely on pure chance in producing the guardians and rulers of the state. 
  - take pains in doing sth: 费尽心思地做某事. 
  - 费心养狗与马，却同时不费心养战士与ruler，真可笑

- But read to him Leo Hebraeus or Ficino where they speak of the actions and thoughts of love, and he can’t make head or tail of it.
	- read: 给他读 。。

- Closely connected with this criticism of monastic life was Erasmus’s abiding dislike of the hair-splitting logic of scholastic doctrine.
	- abiding dislike 持久的不喜欢

- Among Britain’s philosophers Reid was second in influence to his fellow Scotsman, David Hume. 
	- be second to 次于。没有 be third to的说法

- he “immediately detected Blackstone’s fallacy(谬见) respecting natural rights,” and this experience crystallized his own theory of law.
  - respecting：关于

- for Aquinas the First Mover is not simply the first member of a long series of causes, as though such a mover were just like the others, its only distinction being that it is the first.
  - as though 即 as if：such a mover were just like the others, with its only distinction being that it is the first。

- However, I cannot indefinitely 无限期地 avoid confronting my true self. 

In fact, the very nature of being a scientist is unaccounted for by science itself.
  - ...是无法被科学自身所解释的。un-account for.

- Luther was particularly struck by the intellectual difficulties faced by Abraham when God promised that from his barren wife Sarah he would give him off-spring.
  - struck by: 被……所震撼，被……所打击

- Mill argued that “the sole end for which mankind are warranted, individually or collectively, in interfering with the liberty of action of any of their number, is self-protection.
  - argued that：认为。
  - interfering with：干涉，妨碍。
  - warranted（担保的）。能干涉别人的只能处于自保。

- Rather than considering scientific activities as too worldly and, therefore, of lesser significance than religion, he saw these two activities as working together, though not always at an equal level.
  - 解释：Rather than，并不..看。

- God placed us quite literally in the center of the universe.
  - literally: 不夸张地

- For “those motions that immediately succeeded one another in sense, continue also together after sense. 
  - 解释：sueceed，成功，但是这里意思是“续接，接着”。
  - 主干：motions  continue

- By contrast, pragmatism “has no dogmas and no doctrines **save** its method.”
  - Save，介词，除了。

- If we ask the pragmatist why anyone ought to seek the truth, James answers that “our obligation to seek the truth is part of our general obligation to do what **pays**,” just as we ought to seek health because it pays to be healthy. 
  - Pay，这里指有益，带来积极后果。

- How lasers could revolutionize the way militaries counter enemy missiles and drones。
  - counter (对抗，动词)

- there are few who believe there would be much benefit in the president **weighing in** publicly.
  - Weigh in: 参加比赛或争论前进行称重，或者在某个问题上发表意见或表态

- ... if for want of any assistance which his neighbor withheld from him out of some dislike to his moral character, ...
  - if for want（名词） of any assistance (which his neighbor withheld from him (out of some (dislike to his moral character))),
  - withheld from: 不给与。

- he never developed any affection for the legal profession and decided against being a lawyer
  - affection（喜爱，关爱）
  - decided against being（不做） a lawyer

- the life of every individual is really always a tragedy, but gone through in detail, it has the character of a comedy.
  - tragedy（悲剧）, comedy（喜剧）

- What appears as egotism  to others was to Schopenhauer simply the recognition by him of his unique gifts, just as, he said, a person knows whether he is taller or shorter than the average person.
  - egotism （自负，自我中心，妄自尊大）

- I should like to see the man who could boast of a more miserable set of contemporaries than mine.
  - 我倒想看看，我乐意看。。。
  - contemporaries （当代人）

- Now senseless delusions, not intriguing politics, incite them to wars with each other.
  - Now senseless（愚蠢的） delusions(幻觉), not intriguing politics（而不是有趣的政治，）, incite（鼓动，煽动） them to wars with each other.

- It was for this reason that in Greece “not all the eloquence(雄辩) of Demosthenes could breathe life into a body which luxury and the arts had once enervated(削弱).”
  - breathe life into a body: 使生机勃勃

- Before he could complete his **projected** series on ethics, the system of **positive ** industrial organization, and other philosophical works, his career ended in 1857, when he died at the age of 59.
  - projected (计划的)
  - positive (实证)

- the results of philosophy are the uncovering of one or another piece of plain nonsense.
  - plain nonsense：明显的废话/荒谬

- But rhetoric became somewhat like a knife, in that it could be employed for good or ill。
  - become like .., 变得像..。somewhat：有点像。整句并非 become something like ..

- “As I gazed upon the whirlpool of public life,” he writes, “I saw clearly in regard to all States now existing that without exception their system of government is bad.”
  - I saw that their system of government is bad.
  - in regard to: 关于。

- The White House publicly authorized Ukraine Sunday to fire missiles it supplied into Russia proper, which it swiftly did Monday. 
  - 解释: Russia proper 俄核心领土，本土。which 指代前面整句话。

- Nevertheless, upon his return to Paris from Germany in 1934, Sartre **called** Merleau-Ponty’s attention to Husserl’s book。
  - sartre 把 Ponty的attention转向了 Husserl的书

-  To add to their ill repute, they departed from the earlier image of the philosopher as a disinterested thinker who engaged in philosophy with no concern for financial gain. 
  - **To add to** their ill repute: 更让他们声名狼藉的是，

- This is what led Marx to say that hitherto “the philosophers have only interpreted the world differently: the point is, however, to change it.
  - hitherto 迄今，辞源上即 here to。

- Each of these contributes to successful and peaceful living, and not one of them requires any dogmatic interpretation or evaluation, only acceptance. 
  - not one of them == none of them

- Marx often protested that he was not a “Marxist,” and not every idea or every strategy utilized by world communism can rightly be **ascribed to** him.
  - 并不是每一个..都可归功于他

- this is the case: even if she knows ..., we are justified in .
  - be justified in doing sth: 做…是正当的.
 
- And it is claimed it also take out its targets for a tiny fraction of what current air defense missiles cost.
  - take out its targets：干掉目标

- men with a still natural nature, barbarians in every terrible sense of the word, men of prey, still in possession of unbroken strength of will and desire for power,
  - man of prey 捕食者

- The case is the same when we take a character in a novel. The author labors to describe his traits and to make him engage in action and dialogue. But, Bergson says, “all this can never be equivalent to the simple and indivisible feeling which I should experience if I were able for an instant to **identify myself with** the person of the hero himself. 
  - for an instant to identify myself with the person，马上代入英雄人物的角色。
  - identify with 代入，与。。认同
