# 倒装或非正常顺序

- Foremost is the booming number of people writing in the field.
  - The booming number of people writing in the field is foremost.

- This he found in Ambrose’s sermons.
  - 倒装。he **found this** in Ambrose’s sermons（讲道, 说教）.
- This we can call self-consciousness .
  - 倒装：We can call this self consciousness.

- And even though the time **comes** when they have to leave us.
   - And even though the time when they have to leave us **comes**.

- Nor **had** most social democrats **much sympathy with** those who had emphasized the personal and sexual aspects of the oppression of women.
  - 正序是 Most social democrats **had NOT** **much sympathy** with （those who had emphasized the personal and sexual aspects of the oppression of women）.

- **Never since** the sun has stood in the firmament(苍天） and the planets revolved around it **had it been** perceived that man’s existence centres in his head, i.e. in thought, inspired by which he builds up the world of reality.
   
-  **That the way to morality described here is “exceeding hard”** Spinoza was willing to admit, adding that “all things excel- lent are as difficult as they are rare.”
   - that 宾语从句放最前面，倒装。调整后：Spinoza was willing to admit **That the way to morality described here is “exceeding hard”**.
     
- there has been no one up to the present, who, so far as I know, has adopted them **as** the principles of philosophy . . . **as** the sources from which may be derived a knowledge of all things else which are in the world.
   - all things else 是一体的。 
   - has adopted them as the principles of philosophy ，  has adopted them as the sources ...
   - from which may be derived a knowledge of all things else: 倒装。正序是：a knowledge of all things else **may be derived** in the world

- In this category, too, are evident requirements for social and personal tranquility, for we know that customs and laws bind society together.
  - 有倒装。requirements for social and personal tranquility **ARE** evident.

- Just how the senses give us knowledge Augustine explained by analyzing the nature or mechanics of sensation. 
  - 倒装句。正序是：Augustine explained **Just how the senses give us knowledge** by analyzing ...

- Whitehead acknowledges in the preface that "there remains the final reflection, how shallow, puny, and imperfect are efforts to sound the depths in the nature of things."
   - reflection: 反思。 sound：深入了解，探索。
   - there remains the final reflection: 倒装，正序是 the final reflection **remains**. 
   - how shallow, puny, and imperfect are efforts to sound the depths in the nature of things， 有倒装。正序：how .. the efferts to .. are. 
   - the final reflection remain how .. the efforts are.  how .. 这句是（状语？）从句

- For it is **not** continuous drinkings and revelings, **nor** the satisfaction of lusts, **nor** the enjoyment of fish and other luxuries of the wealthy table, which produce a pleasant life, **but** sober reasoning, searching out the motives for all choice and avoidance, and banishing mere opinions, to which are due the greatest disturbance of the spirit.
   - 解释 for it is not ... which product a pleasant life, but sober reasonging, searching out ....。因为：不是..才能过上好生活，而是清醒的思考...。
   - to which are due..一句：which指的是 mere opinions。这里有倒装，正序为：the greatest disturbance of the spirit **are due** to which. 用到了 be due to XX 结构。

- I agree with Hegel over the manner in which most voters decide **whom to favour** with their votes.
   - 本来语序 decide **to favour whom** with their votes

- Though his chief speculative work, Process and Reality, is a massive and intricate statement, Whitehead acknowledges in the preface that “there remains the final reflection, how shallow, puny, and imperfect are efforts to sound the depths in the nature of things.
  - Process and Reality， book name
  - chief speculative work： 某人进行推测性或理论性研究的主要作品
  - there remains the final reflection, 和 there be 类似
  - how shallow, puny(弱小), and imperfect are efforts to sound（v,探测） the depths in the nature of things, 即 how shallow, puny, and imperfect **the  efforts** to sound the depths in the nature of things **ARE**.

----

- To the care of the sovereign, **belongs** the making of good laws.
   - 正常语序：The making of good laws **belongs** to the care of the sovereign.
- From this latter class **are then chosen** the most highly trained guardians.
   - The most highly trained guardians **are then chosen** from this latter class.

----

- **As an example** Bentham **takes** social contract theory and its explanation for our obligation to obey the law. 
   - Bentham **takes** 【social contract theory and (its explanation for our obligation to obey the law)】 **As an example**

- What means **are there** of determining which is the acutest of two pains?
   - What means of determining which is the acutest of two pains **are there**?

- it is the “something **than which** nothing more excellent or more sublime exists”。
   - it is the “something nothing more excellent or more sublime **than which** exists”

----

### 顺序正常，但是中间插入的东西隔开了连着的连个要素
- And the falsehood has now become the backbone of another Trump presidential campaign as he dismisses **efforts** to enforce legal accountability for his alleged crimes **as an attempt** to Democrats to interfere in the 2024 election.
  - he dismisses efforts as an attempt
    - attempt：指的是前面说的 Efforts。 he dismisses efforts as an attempt ..
  - legal accountability：法律责任
  - dismiss：驳斥
  - as an attempt to（如果是for，更好理解） Democrats to interfere in the 2024 election.
  - 而如今，这种谎言已经成为特朗普另一次总统竞选活动的支柱，因为他把对其所涉嫌罪行执行法律问责的努力视为民主党人干预2024年选举的企图。

### 强调
- **On this account** it is that the epiploon or adipose tissue is so abundant in larv to what it is in the perfect insect.
   - it is **On this account** that the epiploon ...

- it is **with** the analysis of facts that one’s consideration of the problem of complexity must **begin**.
  - begin with 

----

### there be
- There be句型可以看作是倒装句。所以和他同结构的一些句子都是倒装的，比如：
   - There stands a bridge across the river. (be -> do)
   - 由副词"here"、"there"、"now"、"then"等开头的句子中，如"Here is the book you want."（there换其他）
   - Here came the headmaster. here there表示位置。如果换成表示位置的短语，也一样：
     - At the foot of the hill lies a beautiful lake.
     - Under the tree was lying a cat.
  - But this assumes that out there are to be found fixed and stable realities capable of being described.
    - But this assumes that （fixed and stable realities capable of being described） are （out there to be found）

### 从句引导词位置的逆序（不算逆序，但是复杂句影响理解）
- but looked at from the outside, that is to say, relatively to other things, it becomes, in relation to these signs which express it, the gold coin **for which** we never seem able to finish **giving small change**.
   - small change 零钱。give change，找零钱。
   - it becomes ... the gold coin for which we ... giving samll change
      - we never seem able to finish **giving** small change **for** the gold coin，指的是用小钱去兑换大钱（金币），不太现实。give 小钱for 大钱。

- Descartes decided “to believe nothing too certainly of which I had only been convinced by example and custom."
  - Descartes decided “to believe nothing too certainly， of which I had only been convinced by example and custom."
    - to believe **sth** too certainly
    - of which I had only been convinced by example and custom = I had only been convinced **of which** by example and custom.
      - 短语：convince of sth;  which 指的是nothing
  
### noun + that 从句：noun 与 that 之间插入 noun 的谓语宾语
- Those who hold onto old ideas wrongly believe that **some reality** still remains **that corresponds to the old ideas**.
   - believe that **some reality** (that corresponds to the old ideas) **still remains**.

- Sociology, psychology and anthropology teach that man is to be regarded as an object concerning which **something** can be learnt **that** will make it possible to modify this object by deliberate organization.
  - that 引导从句修饰 something
  - Sociology ... teach that man is to be regarded as an object (concerning which something (that【指something】 will make it【形式主语】 possible to modify this object by deliberate organization) can be learnt ) 
  - concerning： 关于，about sth; involving sth

### 动宾或其他结构内部：插入介词短语或什么东西
- Even when a society is aware of its ultimate direction, this society “can neither clear by bold leaps, nor **remove** by legal enactments, **the obstacles** offered by the successive phases of its normal development.” 
   - this society can neither clear the obstacles  by bold leaps, nor （by legal enactments） **remove the obstacles** by legal enactments.
     - nor remove the obstacles by legal enactments by legal enactments

- But a recent series of sudden and **unexplained cancelations** by local authorities **of appearances** by her dance troupe has sparked fears …
   - 解释  But a recent series of sudden and unexplained cancelations **(by local authorities)** of appearances by her dance troupe has sparked fears
     
- That is why we can wholly **dismiss** as unnecessary **the question** whether the soul and body are one: it is as meaningless as to ask whether the wax and the shape given to it by the stamp are one.
  - dismiss the question .. as unnecessary
    
- Higher happiness, then, is the aim of all human life, a life “**exempt** as far as possible **from pain**, and as rich as possible in enjoyments.”
  - except from: 免除
  - ... a life “exempt from pain as far as possible，...” 

- ... the simple and indivisible feeling which I should experience if I **were able** for an instant **to identify myself with** the person of the hero himself.
  - 插入 for an instant

- A group of people are chained within a cave **and**, seeing only shadows on the wall, **believe** them to be reality.
  - are chained .. and belive ..。
  - believe 和它前面的 and，中间插入了 seeing only shadows on the wall

- The political sovereign has this authority from God, and the purpose of this authority is to provide for the common good. 
    - to provide **sth** for the common good = to provide for the common sth

### verb + noun + adj == verb + adj + noun 的情况
- To be sure, a higher culture will always require a mediocre herd, but only to **make possible** the development and emergence of the Superperson. 
  - 诚然，一种高级文化总需要一群平庸之辈，但这只是为了超人的发展和出现提供可能。
  - a higher culture require a .. herd to make ... possible.
  - make possible the development and emergence of the Superperson: make the development and emergence of the Superperson possible

### verb + sth + 介词 sth == verb 介词 sth sth
- I bring to the knowledge of myself **the same apparatus** and, therefore, impose on myself as (as修饰的是myself )an object of knowledge **the same “lenses”** through which I see everything.
   - 正常语序是: I bring **the same apparatus** to the knowledge …,  therefore impose **the same lens** on myself as an object of ..

- They shaped their view of human nature by simply **transferring** to the study of human beings **the very same ideas they had used in describing nature at large**. 
   - transferring /to/ the study of human beings/ the very same ideas = transferring /the very same ideas/to/ the study of human beings 
   - transfer A to B = transfer to B A

- those compilers who have indiscreetly broken open the door to the sciences and **introduced** into their sanctuary a populace （民众）unworthy to approach it.
  - indiscreetly 轻率地. break open，固定搭配，破开. sanctuary 圣地
  - introduced （a populace who are unworthy to approach it）into their sanctuary

- Moreover, each succeeding emanation（发出，发射） is the cause of the next-lower emanation, as if there were a principle at work requiring that every nature **bring into being** that which is immediately subordinate to it.
   - 关于子句 every nature **bring into being** that which is immediately subordinate to it：
     - bring into being：产生，创造。可以接宾语，bring into being sth == bring sth into being
     - 所以上面句子即为：every nature **bring** （that-thing which is immediately subordinate to it） **into being**

- With this rigorous (严密的) view of the nature of the class struggle, Marx clearly **assigned** to the material substructure **the supreme significance** in the dialectic process of history.
  - assign to sb sth == assign sth to sb

- Nor would a forced increase in wages restore to either the workers or to their work their human significance or value.
  - .. restore （to the workers / to their work ）their human significance or value.
  - .. restore **their human significance|value** to **the workers|to their work**。

- This is particularly the case even if she knows that the intellectual pleasure is “attended with a greater amount of discontent, and would not resign it for any quantity of the other pleasure which [human] nature is capable of, we are justified in **ascribing** to the preferred enjoyment **a superiority in quality** so far outweighing quantity as to render it, in comparison, of small account.
  - This is the case：就是这样。
  - attended with：伴随。
  - so far outweighing（超过） quantity as to render(使得) it, in comparison, of small account.
  - in comparison：相比之下;
  - of small account: 微不足道
  - ascribe to: 把..归因，认为。 ascribing to the preferred enjoyment **a superiority in quality** == ascribing **a superiority in quality** to the preferred enjoyment。

- But since the irrational part of the soul has the possibility of imperfection, it expresses this possibility by being attracted through its appetites to the lower regions, **dragging** with it **the spirit and reason**.
  - dragging the spirit and reason == 谓语+宾语， with it：与它一同，介词短语作状语。
